So RPK Tool is a tool for reverse engineering Android APIC files, it can decode resources to nearly
the original form and rebuild them after making some modifications.
Of course, we've already installed it on the host machine, but we may need to use it in Calli to perform
RPK security testing.
So let's start see what happens, go to Kelly, log in with default credentials, Carly and Carly.
Over the Web browser, search for APK tool install.
Click here on the first website and hear the requirements and insulation steps.
And we've already installed Java, so let's double check with Java Dash Dash version.
And well over the terminal screen first, which the user to root with pseudo.
All right, so, yeah, that's the latest version of Java.
Let's start to install the actual.
First, download the script.
And we'll have a look at the script, so just right click on it and select Save Link as.
And save it at the downloads folder.
Next step is to download the newest version of a tool.
So we'll open this link.
And this is the download repository of the APK tool.
And we can select the newest version and save the file.
So I'm going to rename the APK Tool Jar file.
Open terminal screen change directory to the downloads folder.
And we can rename file names with the M.V. Command.
So first, right, the current name and give a new name.
OK, so that's changed.
So the next step is to move these files to the users local slash bin folder.
We'll do this with EMV command again and just by giving a location this time change directory to this
location.
And let's check on the files, all right.
See, they are here.
Now we need to give permission to these files to be executable, so run change mode plus X.
And these two files.
And let's check the permissions again.
All right, so now we can execute the epic tool.
Great, so that completes that installation.